It’s Afhu Huang, okay, Father,
Finally immortality. But it belongs to the so-called.
The business leader is a virtual helper.
It’s okay, Father, you finally let me trust you.
Instead, it is expected that the Master Emperor will have plenty of them.
It's whatever you want,
Or in the Avengers Sword that was discovered here after escaping,
There is no real emptiness,
A lot of imaginary things come out of danger.
Believe that the emperor is coming, believe that the emperor is coming,
Believe in my father.
These five princes are indeed not simple.
Sanyang Liang language
You can ask the emperor to spare the lives of the three princes.
This long line reaches people
Already agreed
after two
Almost arrive at the Dharma conference
Will bring good luck to the emperor. You support us. We are from the same mountain.
hello society without
hello chengbang
And Shan is working for his father.
Hate to be a parent
It's just an arrangement
The world has sent people all over the mountain to honor their orders
Not willing to let his father and his son take over
At this time, the mountain has the courtesy to wish the country
Already thousands of dollars
Each one has a father who seeks the way
Doing both
This Jingdan can be used in reverse to receive the blessing of the year.
And the clear dawn of death and life
And have a heart
Big announcement of TV power
Nothing like what Huang Shi announced
Xiandan is even more
The elevated structure to which the organization dies
It's me Huangshi
However, I did not attach this tribute elixir from Huang Xuan.
Which scripture is number one?
Fuhuang Ankang
is the most important
Picked it up nearby
And the minister Xie Fuhuang came over twice and earned the fourth